Below are
1. What is SQL? 
SQL stands for Structured Query Language. It is a language used to interact with the database, i.e to create a database,
to create a table in the database, to retrieve data or update a table in the database, etc. SQL is an 
ANSI(American National Standards Institute) standard. Using SQL, we can do many things. For example – we can execute queries, 
we can insert records into a table, can update records, can create a database, can create a table, can delete a table, etc.

2. What is a database? 
A Database is defined as a structured form of data storage in a computer or a collection of data in an organized manner and 
can be accessed in various ways. It is also the collection of schemas, tables, queries, views, etc. Databases help us with 
easily storing, accessing, and manipulating data held on a computer. The Database Management System allows a user to interact 
with the database.

3. Does SQL support programming language features? 
It is true that SQL is a language, but it does not support programming as it is not a programming language, it is a command language. 
We do not have conditional statements in SQL like for loops or if..else, we only have commands which we can use to query, update, 
delete, etc. data in the database. SQL allows us to manipulate data in a database.

4. What is the difference between CHAR and VARCHAR2 datatype in SQL? 
Both of these data types are used for characters, but varchar2 is used for character strings of variable length, 
whereas char is used for character strings of fixed length. For example, if we specify the type as char(5) then we will
not be allowed to store a string of any other length in this variable, but if we specify the type of this variable as 
varchar2(5) then we will be allowed to store strings of variable length. We can store a string of length 3 or 4 or 2 
in this variable.

5. What do you mean by data definition language? 
Data definition language or DDL allows to execution of queries like CREATE, DROP, and ALTER. That is those queries that define the data.

